docs: update angular version in readme (#2047)
thymikee/jest-preset-angular: README.md

## Example projects with base Jest configuration

We have [example apps](https://github.com/thymikee/jest-preset-angular/tree/main/examples) to provide a basic setup to use Jest in an Angular project.

> The `examples` folder consist of several example Angular applications from **v10** to **15**, as well as example projects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `examples` folder consist of several example Angular applications from **v13** onwards as well as example projects
```
would this be better?

Author: Sounds good, thanks.

Author: > would this be better?
Sounds good, thanks.
